registeredRoutes method (#2048)
fastify/fastify: docs/Routes.md

#### Custom
It's possible to define a custom versioning logic. This can be done through the [`versioning`](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Server.md#versioning) configuration, when creating a fastify server instance.

<a name="analyzing-routes"></a>
### Analyzing Routes

#### Getting Routes

An array of registered routes can be dumped with the `fastify.registeredRoutes` method:

```js
fastify.get('/hello', helloHandler)
fasttify.ready(() => {
  console.log(fastify.registeredRoutes())
})
```

The method returns an array of objects with keys: `method`, `path`, `opts`, `handler` and `store`. 

The above would print an array similar to the following:

```js
[{  method: 'GET',
    path: '/hello',
    opts: { version: undefined },
    handler: [Function: routeHandler],
    store: Context {...} 
}]
```

#### Printing Routes

> A ASCII tree map of routes can be generated with the `fastify.printRoutes` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Radix tree of routes can be generated with the [`fastify.printRoutes`](/Server.md#printroutes) method:
```

Reviewer 2: @Eomm wouldn't "radix tree" be the conceptual definition of the implementation? What is actually printed is an ASCII representation of it.

Reviewer: What I would like to say to the user is that the output could be not what he expects for this old issue https://github.com/fastify/fastify/issues/1581
